README.md, before:

# trickle

Make your device sip only small amounts of battery when not in use.

[![Get it on Google Play](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pyamsoft/trickle/main/art/google-play-badge.png)][1]

# What

Automatically place your device into battery-saver mode when the screen turns off


## Privacy

Trickle respects your privacy. Trickle is open source, and always will be. Trickle
will never track you, or sell or share your data. Trickle offers in-app purchases which you
may purchase to support the developer. These purchases are never required to use the application
or any features.

**PLEASE NOTE:** Trickle is **not a fully FOSS application.** This is due to the fact that it
relies on a proprietary In-App Billing library for in-app purchases in order to stay policy
compliant with the leading marketplace.


## Development

Trickle is developed in the open on GitHub at:  

```
https://github.com/pyamsoft/trickle
```

If you know a few things about Android programming and are wanting to help
out with development you can do so by creating issue tickets to squash bugs,
and propose feature requests for future inclusion.


# Issues or Questions

Please post any issues with the code in the Issues section on GitHub. Pull Requests
will be accepted on GitHub only after extensive reading and as long as the request
goes in line with the design of the application.

[1]: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.pyamsoft.trickle


## License

Apache 2

```
Copyright 2021 Peter Kenji Yamanaka

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```

Commit message:

Add app icons and service launches only when permission is granted

README.md, after:

# trickle

Make your device sip only small amounts of battery when not in use.

[![Get it on Google Play](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pyamsoft/trickle/main/art/google-play-badge.png)][1]

# What

Automatically place your device into battery-saver mode when the screen turns off

With Trickle your device will automatically enter the system's standard low-power
operating mode when the device screen is turned off. This will help save your
device battery when it is not in use. Notifications and other applications
can still operate normally by whitelisting them via the standard system interface.


## Privacy

Trickle respects your privacy. Trickle is open source, and always will be. Trickle
will never track you, or sell or share your data. Trickle offers in-app purchases which you
may purchase to support the developer. These purchases are never required to use the application
or any features.

**PLEASE NOTE:** Trickle is **not a fully FOSS application.** This is due to the fact that it
relies on a proprietary In-App Billing library for in-app purchases in order to stay policy
compliant with the leading marketplace.


## Development

Trickle is developed in the open on GitHub at:  

```
https://github.com/pyamsoft/trickle
```

If you know a few things about Android programming and are wanting to help
out with development you can do so by creating issue tickets to squash bugs,
and propose feature requests for future inclusion.


# Issues or Questions

Please post any issues with the code in the Issues section on GitHub. Pull Requests
will be accepted on GitHub only after extensive reading and as long as the request
goes in line with the design of the application.

[1]: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.pyamsoft.trickle


## License

Apache 2

```
Copyright 2021 Peter Kenji Yamanaka

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```
